[All Hosts] (DevX) updating tool articles for WXP with unified manifest (#4792)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/convert-xml-to-json-manifest.md

The following sections describe conditions that must be met before you convert the manifest.

### Uninstall the existing version of the add-in

To avoid conflicts with UI control names and other problems, be sure the existing add-in isn't installed on the computer where you do the conversion.

### Ensure that you have two special image files

If your add-in only manifest doesn't already have both **\<IconUrl\>** and **\<HighResolutionIconUrl\>** (in that order) elements, then add them just below the **\<Description\>** element. The values of the **DefaultValue** attribute should be the full URLs of image files. The images must be a specified size as shown in the following table. 

> |Office application|**\<IconUrl\>**|**\<HighResolutionIconUrl\>**|

Reviewer: You shouldn't need to bold these since Learn automatically bolds the header
 
```suggestion
|Office application|\<IconUrl\>|\<HighResolutionIconUrl\>|
```

   > [!IMPORTANT]
   > The value of this element must exactly match the name of an action that's mapped to a function in a JavaScript or TypeScript file with the [Office.actions.associate](/javascript/api/office/office.actions#office-office-actions-associate-member(1)) function. If you change it in the manifest, be sure to change it in the `actionId` parameter passed to `associate()` too.

### Verify that the modified add-in only manifest works

1. Validate the modified add-in only manifest. See [Validate an Office Add-in's manifest](../testing/troubleshoot-manifest.md).

1. Verify that the add-in can be sideloaded and run. See [Sideload an Office Add-in for testing](../testing/test-debug-office-add-ins.md#sideload-an-office-add-in-for-testing). 

Resolve any problems before you attempt to convert the project.

## Conversion tools and options

There are several ways to carry out the remaining tasks, depending on the IDE and other tools you want to use for your project, and on the tool you used to create the project. 

- [Convert the project with Teams Toolkit](#convert-the-project-with-teams-toolkit)

> - [Convert projects created with the Yeoman generator for Office Add-ins (aka "Yo Office")](#convert-projects-created-with-the-office-yeoman-generator-aka-yo-office)

Reviewer: make sure to update to the correct bookmark

> - [Convert NodeJS and npm projects that weren't created with the Yeoman Generator](#convert-nodejs-and-npm-projects-that-werent-created-with-yeoman-generator)

Reviewer: if you accept the section title change, then make sure to update this to the correct bookmark

```suggestion
- [Convert NodeJS and npm projects that weren't created with the Yeoman generator for Office Add-ins (Yo Office)](#convert-nodejs-and-npm-projects-that-werent-created-with-yeoman-generator)
```

    :::image type="content" source="../images/teams-toolkit-icon.png" alt-text="Teams Toolkit icon.":::

1. Select **Create a New App**.

> 1. In the **New Project** drop down, select **Office Add-in**.

Reviewer: can you also check for other instances of "drop down" that should say "dropdown menu"?

```suggestion
1. In the **New Project** dropdown menu, select **Office Add-in**.
```

>     :::image type="content" source="../images/teams-toolkit-create-office-add-in.png" alt-text="The five options in New Project drop down. The fifth option is called 'Office Add-in'.":::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :::image type="content" source="../images/teams-toolkit-create-office-add-in.png" alt-text="The five options in New Project dropdown menu. The fifth option is called 'Office Add-in'.":::
```

1. In the **App Features Using an Office Add-in** dropdown menu, select **Import an Existing Office Add-in**.

    :::image type="content" source="../images/teams-toolkit-create-office-task-pane-capability.png" alt-text="The three options in the App Features Using an Office Add-in dropdown menu. The third option is called 'Import an Existing Office Add-in'.":::

> 1. In the **Existing add-in project folder** drop down, browse to the root folder of the add-in project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Existing add-in project folder** dropdown menu, browse to the root folder of the add-in project.
```

> 1. In the **Select import project manifest file** drop down, browse to the add-in only manifest file, typically named **manifest.xml**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Select import project manifest file** dropdown menu, browse to the add-in only manifest file, typically named **manifest.xml**.
```

    ```

1. Run `npm install`.

> 1. To sideload the add-in, see [Sideload add-ins created with the Office Yeoman Generator](../testing/sideload-add-in-with-unified-manifest.md#sideload-add-ins-created-with-the-office-yeoman-generator-yo-office).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To sideload the add-in, see [Sideload add-ins created with the Yeoman generator for Office Add-ins (Yo Office)](../testing/sideload-add-in-with-unified-manifest.md#sideload-add-ins-created-with-the-office-yeoman-generator-yo-office).
```

### Convert NodeJS and npm projects that aren't created with Yeoman Generator

> If you don't want to use the Teams Toolkit and your project wasn't created with the Office Yeoman generator, use the office-addin-manifest-converter tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want to use the Teams Toolkit and your project wasn't created with Yo Office, use the office-addin-manifest-converter tool.
```

    ```

1. Run `npm install`.

> 1. To sideload the add-in, see [Sideload add-ins created with the Yeoman generator for Office Add-ins (Yo Office)](../testing/sideload-add-in-with-unified-manifest.md#sideload-add-ins-created-with-the-office-yeoman-generator-yo-office).

Reviewer: make sure to update to the correct bookmark

> ### Convert NodeJS and npm projects that weren't created with Yeoman Generator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Convert NodeJS and npm projects that weren't created with the Yeoman generator for Office Add-ins (Yo Office)
```
